literature/classics/The_Adventures_of_Sherlock_Holmes.txt	575499 bytes
literature/classics/Alice_s_Adventures_in_Wonderland.txt	150554 bytes
literature/classics/The_Prince.txt	283343 bytes
literature/classics/War_and_Peace.txt	3270849 bytes
literature/classics/Moby_Dick.txt	1233893 bytes
literature/classics/A_Doll_s_House.txt	144054 bytes
literature/classics/Grimm_s_Fairy_Tales.txt	530448 bytes
literature/classics/The_Picture_of_Dorian_Gray.txt	437394 bytes
literature/classics/The_Yellow_Wallpaper.txt	31908 bytes
literature/classics/Frankenstein.txt	421419 bytes
literature/classics/Dracula.txt	850105 bytes
literature/classics/The_Call_of_the_Wild.txt	176861 bytes
literature/classics/A_Tale_of_Two_Cities.txt	770965 bytes
literature/classics/Pride_and_Prejudice.txt	730783 bytes
literature/classics/Metamorphosis.txt	119818 bytes
literature/classics/The_Importance_of_Being_Earnest.txt	117986 bytes
literature/classics/Adventures_of_Huckleberry_Finn.txt	590484 bytes
literature/classics/A_Christmas_Carol.txt	158349 bytes
literature/classics/A_Modest_Proposal.txt	19511 bytes
literature/classics/The_Adventures_of_Tom_Sawyer.txt	405371 bytes
science/neuroscience.txt	1366 bytes
INDEX.txt	8162 bytes
encyclopedia/technology/MusicBrainz.txt	8011 bytes
encyclopedia/technology/Musical_theatre.txt	71486 bytes
encyclopedia/technology/Engineering_drawing.txt	42313 bytes
encyclopedia/technology/Arthur_Wellesley_1st_Duke_of_Wellington.txt	83603 bytes
encyclopedia/technology/Machine_learning_in_video_games.txt	19770 bytes
encyclopedia/technology/Music_video.txt	60914 bytes
encyclopedia/technology/Economics_of_nuclear_power_plants.txt	34270 bytes
encyclopedia/technology/Politics_of_the_United_States.txt	87214 bytes
encyclopedia/technology/Neural_network_Gaussian_process.txt	14528 bytes
encyclopedia/technology/Neural_network_software.txt	7650 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Mathematics.txt	54454 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Biology_of_depression.txt	50315 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Technology_in_Star_Wars.txt	40875 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Economics_of_bitcoin.txt	30235 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Engineering_education.txt	58464 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Music_of_the_Spheres_World_Tour.txt	32055 bytes
encyclopedia/science/History_of_China.txt	81246 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Chemistry.txt	44746 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Medicine_in_the_medieval_Islamic_world.txt	79956 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Music.txt	79295 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Neural_network_machine_learning.txt	56210 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Philosophy_of_mind.txt	61498 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Psychology_of_religion.txt	48273 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Artificial_intelligence_in_video_games.txt	36857 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Chemistry_Kelly_Clarkson_album.txt	9903 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Medicine.txt	55261 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Computer_Sciences_Corporation.txt	6710 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Physics_of_magnetic_resonance_imaging.txt	32004 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Artificial_intelligence_in_healthcare.txt	44803 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Biology_of_bipolar_disorder.txt	41747 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Neural_network_biology.txt	7184 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Philosophy.txt	42784 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Literature-based_discovery.txt	11152 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Physics.txt	36388 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Artificial_intelligence_visual_art.txt	31695 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Technology_in_Star_Trek.txt	14281 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Mathematics_of_paper_folding.txt	18638 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Philosophy_of_language.txt	46257 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Medicine_Hat.txt	33527 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Politics_of_the_United_Kingdom.txt	85907 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Chemistry_of_ascorbic_acid.txt	13067 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Technology_during_World_War_II.txt	41903 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Mathematics_and_art.txt	45796 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Artificial_intelligence_arms_race.txt	34905 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Physics_beyond_the_Standard_Model.txt	23172 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Mathematics_education.txt	28938 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Physics_of_whistles.txt	63076 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Physics_Aristotle.txt	20013 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Medicine_in_ancient_Rome.txt	32206 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Technology_during_World_War_I.txt	38119 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Art_Deco.txt	75508 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Engineering.txt	34495 bytes
encyclopedia/science/History_of_the_United_States.txt	105778 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Literature_of_al-Andalus.txt	29378 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Psychology_of_music.txt	36063 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Art.txt	61058 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Politics.txt	34815 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Natural_language_processing.txt	30625 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Artificial_intelligence.txt	89578 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Neural_network.txt	4038 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Engineering_management.txt	21911 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Biology.txt	53383 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Philosophy_of_mathematics.txt	55461 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Economies_of_scale.txt	35052 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Machine_learning_in_physics.txt	4827 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Arthropod.txt	44618 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Literature_of_Laos.txt	40960 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Machine_learning.txt	58673 bytes
encyclopedia/science/History.txt	52037 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Biology_and_sexual_orientation.txt	66273 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Economics.txt	71585 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Technology.txt	34379 bytes
encyclopedia/science/History_of_India.txt	105424 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Chemistry_Girls_Aloud_album.txt	13680 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Machine_learning_in_earth_sciences.txt	17157 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Chemistry_of_pressure-sensitive_adhesives.txt	16142 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Philosophy_of_science.txt	53042 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Psychology.txt	109539 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Biology_of_romantic_love.txt	59002 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Computer_science.txt	29913 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Computer_science_and_engineering.txt	1993 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Psychology_of_learning.txt	24150 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Medicinal_plants.txt	27214 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Literature.txt	33128 bytes
encyclopedia/science/History_of_Japan.txt	77146 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Geography.txt	35634 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Computer_Science_Teachers_Association.txt	6380 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Computer_science_education_in_the_United_Kingdom.txt	10952 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Literature_of_Bosnia_and_Herzegovina.txt	55482 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Psychology_of_art.txt	55880 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Machine_learning_in_bioinformatics.txt	33343 bytes
encyclopedia/science/Mathematics_in_the_medieval_Islamic_world.txt	25680 bytes
encyclopedia/history/Politics_of_the_Netherlands.txt	30897 bytes
encyclopedia/history/Politics_of_Canada.txt	34121 bytes
encyclopedia/history/Economics_of_fascism.txt	43577 bytes
encyclopedia/history/Geography_of_the_United_States.txt	27935 bytes
encyclopedia/history/Geography_of_Taiwan.txt	19411 bytes
encyclopedia/history/Geography_of_India.txt	42853 bytes
encyclopedia/history/Geography_of_Middle-earth.txt	17924 bytes
academic/reviews/neuroplasticity_review.txt	6535 bytes
corpus_report.txt	177 bytes
news/technology/quantum_breakthrough.txt	3130 bytes
philosophy/philosophy_of_mind.txt	1288 bytes
synthetic/qa_pairs.txt	1824 bytes
synthetic/structured_docs.txt	1526 bytes
synthetic/dialogs.txt	2147 bytes
creative/stories/the_last_algorithm.txt	3928 bytes
technical/documentation/architecture_patterns.txt	1912 bytes
technical/computer_science.txt	1311 bytes
technical/ai_fundamentals.txt	1334 bytes
